Add Steampunk Spotter to Other tools list (#80006)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/other_tools_and_programs.rst

- `Mitogen for Ansible <https://mitogen.networkgenomics.com/ansible_detailed.html>`_ - uses the `Mitogen <https://github.com/dw/mitogen/>`_ library to execute Ansible playbooks in a more efficient way (decreases the execution time).
- `nanvault <https://github.com/marcobellaccini/nanvault>`_ - a standalone tool to encrypt and decrypt files in the Ansible Vault format, featuring UNIX-style composability.
- `OpsTools-ansible <https://github.com/centos-opstools/opstools-ansible>`_ - uses Ansible to configure an environment that provides the support of `OpsTools <https://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/OpsTools>`_, namely centralized logging and analysis, availability monitoring, and performance monitoring.

> - `Steampunk Spotter <https://steampunk.si/spotter>`_ - provides an Assisted Automation Writing tool that analyzes and offers recommendations for your Ansible Playbooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Steampunk Spotter <https://pypi.org/project/steampunk-spotter/>`_ - provides an Assisted Automation Writing tool that analyzes and offers recommendations for your Ansible Playbooks.
```

Reviewer: Preference is for the open source version. Thanks for adding this!

Author: @samccann thanks, I have incorporated your suggestion.
